feat: Unconditionally produce debug comments (#2141)
nginx-proxy/nginx-proxy: README.md

### Troubleshooting

> If you can't access your `VIRTUAL_HOST`, inspect the generated `/etc/nginx/conf.d/default.conf` file:
> 
> ```console
> docker exec <nginx-proxy-instance> cat /etc/nginx/conf.d/default.conf
> ```

Reviewer: While we're at it, we should suggest to look a the full configuration and use `nginx -T` to get it rather than doing `cat` on a single file. That's what I end up asking most of the time on issues.
```suggestion
If you can't access your `VIRTUAL_HOST`, inspect the generated nginx configuration:

```console
docker exec <nginx-proxy-instance> nginx -T
```
```
